Digital Electronic Circuit Simulation in Scala          {#mainpage}
==============================================

[Typographical Conventions](@ref typographicconventions)

[Autogenerated Scala class documentation](../../scala/index.html "Scala doc")


## What DeDeSim is

DeDeSim is similar to SystemC, it is a tool to:
* model and simulate digital circuits at RT level of abstraction,
* model and simulate architectural models at TLM level of abstraction.

## Scala everywhere

Scala language is used everywhere is this project:
* Simulation engine is written in Scala.
* Circuit design or TLM Model must be written in Scala/Java.
* Simulation engine accepts jobs that are Scala code.

## Simulation explained

[Trigger]: ../../scala/index.html#curoles.dedesim.Trigger "Trigger"
[Simulation]: ../../scala/index.html#curoles.dedesim.Simulation "Simulation"

A system evolves (or changes) in time when different parts of it
change its state in response to events.
A simulation of a digital circuit is driven by changes of different
signals in the circuit.
The changes occur to what we call ''trigger'' objects.
Each ''trigger'' object [Trigger] has a list
of actions associated with it.
The action changes state of other
''trigger'' objects and thus the system
constantly (or for a while, before it gets stable) evolves in time.

An ''action'' is a function, this function is called by the ''trigger''
object when the object changes its state; but at this point (in time)
the function does not do all work about changing states, instead it
tells global instance of [Simulation] what and __WHEN__ to do.

Therefore, through changes in triggers [Simulation] receives 'TO DO' items.
Method `Simulation::insert` inserts items in the proper order in respect of a time.
When `Simulation::run` calls `Simulation::next` it returns an item from the
head of the list and one that should happen earlier than other items.


